

EASY
1. How many races exist in the animals table? (Display all of their name)
2. How many species exist in the races table? (Display all of their name)
3. How many Dogs have a father? (Display the children's name and the father's name)
4. What is the average race price of each specie?
5. How many males and females exist in the animals table?
6. Give the name of 6 random males and 4 random females.
7. How many animals have the same name length?

EASIER
1. Whice race doesn’t have any animal attached to it?
2. Which specie has less than 5 males (order by latin_name alphabetically)
3. What is the average animal age per species?
4. How many males and females of each race do we have? Do a total count for the race (male and female) and for the species. Display the race name and the current species name.
5. What would be the cost per species and the total cost to adopte: Parlotte, Spoutnik, Caribou, Cartouche, Cali, Canaille, Yoda, Zambo and Lulla?
6. What's the median price of the species?
(median = (max + min)/2)
7. Assuming the inflation rises 20% more every year, show the prices of each animal for the next 5 years. (based on specie's race)
8. insert thid animal into your table:
'Nebelung', 2, 'A cat species that look some what like Chausies who are bred to be medium to large in size, as compared to traditional domestic breeds (Chausie breed standard). Most Chausies are a little smaller than a male Maine Coon, for example, but larger than a Siamese. Adult Chausie males typically weigh 9 to 15 pounds. Adult females are usually 7 to 10 pounds.'

EASIEST
1. How much would it cost me to buy all the Dogs and all the Cats. Show the total per species and the overall total.
2. What is the average price of all the Dogs and the average price of all the Cats.
3. Would it cost more to buy all the males or all the females animals based on their race price?
(if the race price is null, or the animal doesn't have a race attached to it, use their specie's price)
4. Show a sentence giving the price of the species, for each species ex: The Dogs cost: 200$...
5. Show the cats with the letter "a" as the second letter in their name.
6. Show the names of parrots by replacing "a" with "@" and "e" with "3".
7. Show the dogs with an even number of letters in their names.
8. Show the taxes you would pay on each animals and the total price. Assuming GST = 5% and HST = 9.9975% (Round to the tens)
ex: Price: 10$ GST: 0.5$ HST: 0.99975$ Total:  11.5$
9. Give a nickname to all the animals with the following criteria:
-max 10 characters
-all lower cases
-based on the reverse of their current name
-starts their id
-ends with their original name length
-padding with "@"




